modules: mbedtls: remove the default enabling of features (#72475)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

Modules
*******

Mbed TLS
========

> * TLS 1.2, RSA, AES, DES, and all the hash algorithms except SHA-256
>   (SHA-224, SHA-384, SHA-512, MD5 and SHA-1) are not enabled by default anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TLS 1,2 support and cipher suites are not enabled by default anymore.
* RSA, AES, DES, and SHA-1 and most SHA-2 algorithm support is not enabled by default anymore (except SHA-256).
```
